When I started learning sign language, it just seemed to come natural for me.
After I transferred to the congregation, I remember feeling so happy.
I was pioneering and really enjoying this new way of communicating.
It's funny how the thing you love can also be the thing that tests you.
Soon I took the test for a sign language interpreter.
I couldn't believe I passed.
I loved my new job.
My hope was that it would support my pioneering.
And maybe?
Allow me to travel one day to a country and preach where there was a need for sign language.
My boss was very happy with my work.
So much so that he began to give me more.
Everyone seemed appreciative.
And the extra money didn't hurt.
It was handling it all fine.
Okay, for a while.
My boss asked me to work full time for a few months to get some extra training.
The race could help me with planning my trip abroad.
I knew my parents would be concerned.
I knew because I felt it too.
I was already dragging physically.
But then again, it would only be for a few months.
I was really torn.
Dad kindly commended me for having good goals and trying my best to work toward them.
Then he showed me a scripture that really helped me.
First Timothy 416.
Pay constant attention to yourself and to your teaching.
Persevere in these things.
For by doing this, you will save both yourself and those who listen to you.
He helped me to see that Timothy set spiritual goals for himself growing up.
But Paul was now telling him,
don't stop.
Even though Timothy was a grown spiritual man,
Paul encouraged him to continue setting new spiritual goals.
In fact, to persevere in them was I persevering in.
I kindly turned down the offer and explained to my boss that I'd like to keep my hours to a minimum.
So I could support my number one job.
It might take me longer to save my money.
But I'll make that trip one day with Jehovah's help.
And a little perseverance.